Ensure App Gateway uses the TLS 1.2 policy (#83936)
Azure/azure-content: articles/api-management/api-management-howto-integrate-internal-vnet-appgateway.md

$config = New-AzApplicationGatewayWebApplicationFirewallConfiguration -Enabled $true -FirewallMode "Prevention"
```

### Step 13

> As TLS 1.0 is presently still the default, it's prudent to define that the application gateway will use the newest [TLS 1.2 policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/application-gateway-ssl-policy-overview#appgwsslpolicy20170401s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As TLS 1.0 is presently still the default, it's prudent to define that the application gateway will use the newest [TLS 1.2 policy](../application-gateway/application-gateway-ssl-policy-overview.md#appgwsslpolicy20170401s).
```
